Bend.
Bent.
Tom wants to bend spoons with his mind.
Yesterday he bent one by accident.
He's bent more things since.
Bite.
Bit.
Bitten.
Sarah tries not to bite.
Sarah tries not to bite her nails.
Last time, she bit them out of habit
She's bitten them for years Blow Blue Blown
Jack wants to blow balloons He blew up a
whole bunch yesterday He's blown more
than anyone else Burst Burst Burst
Tim hopes not to burst balloons
Yesterday, one burst in his face He's
burst a few more since then Catch Caught
Caught Jane tries to catch fish Last
week, she caught a huge one She's caught
more this summer Deal Dealt Dealt Dealt
Mark wants to deal cards He dealt them
last game night He's dealt in many poker
games since Dig Dug Dug Dug Dug Alex
tries to dig in the garden Yesterday, he
dug a deep hole He's dug several more
today Fight Fought Fought Fought Matt
tries not to fight with his brother Last
time, he fought over the TV He's fought
over sillier things before Hang Hung Hung
Hung Hung Mike likes to hang pictures He
hung one in his room yesterday He's hung
others all over the house Hide Hid Hidden
Emma tries to hide presents well She hid
one in the closet She's hidden many
better since then K Was We Hung em Sasha
Month Pepper refin promiseuckerza